You wanted to see the real thing, so here it is — no graphical interface, just the actual script.
There's the listing: the PowerShell file, the one-click macro, and nothing else.
And look at what the script itself says it does: it attaches to your already-open Outlook and reads the study folder — it never moves, deletes, or modifies your mail; it only reads.
The one function worth seeing is the sanitizer: before any email is saved, it strips out scripts, styles, and tracking — so a note can never run code or phone home when you open it.
Now let me run it on a real folder, on this machine.
Here's the knowledge base folder, with its drop inbox.
The ad-hoc capture — the one you already have — is exactly this: you drop a few study emails into that inbox, which is what the one-click Outlook macro does for you.
Three operational emails, ready to file.
Run the script.
Each email becomes one read-only, structured note, written to the Notes folder.
And every one is stamped with its Outlook EntryID, recorded in seen-dot-json.
That watermark is what makes it safe to run unattended — it is how the script knows what it has already filed.
Here is one of the filed notes — subject, sender, the time it was captured, and the operations-only footer.
Now the safety net, made visible.
The source email carried a tracking script and a remote pixel.
The filed note has neither: the script is gone, and the remote image is neutralized — turned into a dead, blocked link.
Every note is sanitized on the way in.
And the watermark earns its keep.
Drop the very same emails in again, run the script again — and it skips every one.
Zero filed, three skipped.
It is genuinely idempotent: it never files the same message twice, no matter how often it runs.
Finally, the ad-hoc one-click — a small Outlook macro, for the rare email that lives outside your study folder.
So that is the whole tool: one Outlook rule to route the mail, one scheduled script to file it, real notes on a real drive.
No graphical interface, operations-only — and the validated systems still own every number.